guy hedco in Madrid while Israel has
continued to bombard Rafer in southern
Gaza despite International condemnation
over a strike that set off Fires at a
refugee camp eyewitnesses have in the
last hour or told Reuters several
Israeli tanks have reached the center of
Rafa Medics say at least 45 people were
killed and hundreds more were treated
for severe burns fractures and trapnel
wounds on Sunday night the United
Nations security Council will convene a
closed door emergency meeting on Tuesday
the UN Secretary General Antonio gues
has condemned the attack saying the
horror must stop there have been
appearing before the knesset Israeli
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called
it a tragic mishap the Israeli Army says
the air strike killed two senior members
of Hamas at a compound nearby and has
launched an investigation the UK foreign
secretary Lord Cameron says an
investigation must be swift
comprehensive and transparent
our Middle East correspondent yolan Nell
is in Jerusalem and has the latest on
the fighting in Rafa the un's already
called for full and transparent
investigation into that deadly air
strike on Sunday night which killed at
least 45 people um in tents in a in a
camp for displaced people and uh injured
something like 250 in a large Blaze
after the Israeli air strikes there
targeting the Israeli military says uh
to Hamas Commanders in that area um now
what we've been seeing um overnight is
uh more artillery shelling more Israeli
air strikes and that is sending people
particularly in the west of Rafa where
there weren't these Israeli evacuation
orders issued um earlier um in Israel's
military operations uh in Rafa uh we've
had people really fleeing um taking um
to the streets with all of their
possessions piling them up in carts and
in their cars and trying to find um a
place to stay further to the north uh
people heading to places that are
already crowded with displaced people
like uh hunis um and da balak um more in
the center of the Gaza Strip now um
really there has been so many
expressions of shock and an outrage of
what happened uh on Sunday night um the
Israeli Prime Minister called this a
tragic mishap um the Israeli military
says it's investigating what happened
there have been some reports in the US
media but quoting unnamed Israeli
officials suggesting that perhaps it
could have been some shrapnel um part of
the precise Munitions the Israeli
military says it was using there um that
ignited a fuel tank and caused this
catastrophic Blaze but Benjamin
Netanyahu also vowing to continue the
war against Hamas how much pressure is
he under from the International
Community versus at home from people
within his
government I mean look there's a huge am
ount of international pressure Israel
finds itself more and more isolated um
on the world stage after we had that
International court of justice ruling
last week um calling for an end to
military activities in Rafa of this
deadly strike that followed on um and
but domestically although we are seeing
continuing protests particularly um by
supporters and families of the hostages
still held by Hamas in Gaza people very
worried about the implications that all
of this could have um for efforts to try
to get uh new talks going indirectly
between Israel and Hamas on a new
ceasefire and hostage release deal um
but you know the the message from the
Israeli government has very much been
that Israel must protect its National
Security it sees Rafa as a stronghold um
of Hamas and says that its operations in
Rafa remain uh quite limited um it is
pushing we can see towards the West now
has control of large area of the Gaza
Egypt border